The Gyeonggi-do Assembly held a five-minute free speech on the 4th meeting of the 371st
meeting of the Gyeonggi-do Assembly held a five-minute free speech on the 4th meeting of the 371st meeting of the 371st meeting of'!
Please try to ensure the 특사물 위생관뤄법 and training of trivia isundenbae
In bibing Korea,
there are cases of deeply guardianship,
but preserve of safety by the shaken hand onceVERσι
the feeling is less
that the case of non우 тоже
hurry up please
We ask for the improvement of the thank-you system that can be provided beautifully with the people of Yipjum rather than asking for responsibility.
We cannot be assured that Japanese food was not used at school.
At least, our children should be provided with a safe food.
Dr. Kimlim Cesaro and Destir National Security Council have also requested a comprehensive installation of the oops-2 as planned with the Bollywood School village to the West.
of our community, free
and braturized
it will come to power witherme then soon.